Default `externalGradingOptions.enabled` to `false` (#14147)
PrairieLearn/PrairieLearn: apps/prairielearn/src/migrations/README.md

  - Remove the old column from the database
  - Remove the old column from the zod schema

### Make nullable column non-nullable

- First PR: Eliminate all write paths that insert NULL

>   - Update application code to always write a non-NULL value (e.g. add `.default(false)` to the relevant Zod schema)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Update application code to avoid writing explicit NULL values (e.g. add `.default(false)` to the relevant Zod schema)
```
